The jurisdiction clause stipulates what courts will have the competence to adjudicate disputes under the contract.
Consumers must have the right to bring disputes in their place of residence.
Stating that any judicial proceeding takes a residence away is clearly unfair.
Stating that any judicial proceeding takes a residence in a different city is clearly unfair.
Stating that any judicial proceeding takes a residence in a different country is clearly unfair.
The choice of law clause specifies what law will govern the contract.
The choice of law clause specifies what law will be applied in potential adjudication of a dispute arising under the contract.
Defining the applicable law as the law of the consumer's country of residence is clearly fair.
Not defining the applicable law as the law of the consumer's country of residence is potentially unfair.
The limitation of liability clause stipulates that the duty to pay damages is limited or excluded, for certain kind of losses, under certain conditions.
Explicitly affirming non-excludable provider's liabilities is clearly fair.
Reducing, limiting, or excluding the liability of the service provider is potentially unfair.
The unilateral change clause specifies the conditions under which the service provider could amend and modify the terms of service.
The unilateral change clause specifies the conditions under which the service provider could amend and modify the service itself.
Specifying the conditions under which the service provider could amend and modify the terms of service is potentially unfair.
Specifying the conditions under which the service provider could amend and modify the service itself is potentially unfair.
The unilateral termination clause gives provider the right to suspend and or terminate the service.
The unilateral termination clause gives provider the right to suspend and or terminate the contract.
The unilateral termination sometimes details the circumstances under which the provider claims to have a right to do so.
Specifying the reasons for unilateral termination is potentially unfair.
Stipulating that the service provider may suspend or terminate the service at any time is clearly unfair.
Stipulating that the service provider may suspend or terminate the service for any or no reasons and or without notice is clearly unfair.
Stipulating that the service provider may suspend or terminate the service without notice is clearly unfair.
The contract by using clause stipulates that the consumer is bound by the terms of use of a specific service, simply by using the service, without even being required to mark that he or she has read and accepted them.
Stipulating that the consumer is bound by the terms of use of a specific service simply by using the service is potentially unfair
Stipulating that the consumer is bound by the terms of use of a specific service without even being required to mark that he or she has read and accepted them is potentially unfair.
The content removal clause gives the provider a right to modify or delete user's content, including in-app purchases.
The content removal clause sometimes specifies the conditions under which the service provider may do so.
Indicating the conditions for content removal is potentially unfair.
Stipulating that the service provider may remove content in his full discretion is clearly unfair.
Stipulating that the service provider may remove content at any time is clearly unfair.
Stipulating that the service provider may remove content for any or no reasons is clearly unfair.
Stipulating that the service provider may remove content without notice nor possibility to retrieve the content is clearly unfair.
The arbitration clause requires or allows the parties to resolve their disputes through an arbitration process, before the case could go to court.
The arbitration clause is considered as a kind of forum selection clause.
The arbitration clause may or may not specify that arbitration should occur withn a specific jurisdiction.
Stipulating that the arbitration should take place in a stace other than the state of consumer's residence is clearly unfair.
Stipulating that the arbitration should be base not on law but on arbiter's discretion is clearly unfair.
Defining the arbitration as fully optional is clearly fair.